#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.19.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.4.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
astropy==4.3.1
    # via
    #   astroquery
    #   poliastro
    #   pyvo
astroquery==0.4.4
    # via poliastro
attrs==21.2.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   astroquery
    #   nbconvert
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cryptography==36.0.0
    # via secretstorage
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.28.3
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.12.0
    # via httpcore
html5lib==1.1
    # via astroquery
httpcore==0.14.3
    # via httpx
httpx==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   keyring
ipykernel==6.6.0
    # via notebook
ipython==7.30.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.7.1
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jplephem==2.16
    # via poliastro
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.5.0
    # via jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==1.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.1
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.7
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via jupyterlab
keyring==23.4.0
    # via astroquery
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.37.0
    # via numba
lxml==5.1.0
    # via nbconvert
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.0
    # via poliastro
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mimeparse==0.1.3
    # via pyvo
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.3.4
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.9
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.6
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   rise
numba==0.54.1
    # via poliastro
numpy==1.20.3
    # via
    #   astropy
    #   astroquery
    #   jplephem
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   orbit-predictor
    #   pandas
    #   poliastro
    #   pyerfa
    #   scipy
orbit-predictor==1.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   setuptools-scm
pandas==1.3.4
    # via poliastro
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.4.0
    # via matplotlib
plotly==5.4.0
    # via poliastro
poliastro==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.23
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyerfa==2.0.0.1
    # via
    #   astropy
    #   poliastro
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pyvo==1.1
    # via astroquery
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   astroquery
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   orbit-predictor
    #   pyvo
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   rfc3986
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rise==5.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.3
    # via poliastro
secretstorage==3.3.1
    # via keyring
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
setuptools-scm==6.3.2
    # via matplotlib
sgp4==2.20
    # via orbit-predictor
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==1.2.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   setuptools-scm
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.2.3
    # via jupyter-server
y-py==0.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.4
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
zipp==3.6.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
